
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining. -Jef Raskin
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. -Robert Firth
It's very important to remember that it's your intellectual property; it's not your computer. And in the pursuit of protection of intellectual property, it's important not to defeat or undermine the security measures that people need to adopt in these days. -Stewart Baker
In C++ it’s harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg. -Bjarne Stroustrup
Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse? -Unknown
We're only at the beginning of what we have to do here. -Bill Gates
We are very much believers that the web is an open environment, and we need to make sure that people can find all kinds of different stuff through Yahoo!, and not necessarily keeping people within Yahoo! -Jerry Yang
It makes life difficult ... because law changes very slowly. We have judges who did not grow up with computers and so many do not understand the technology and issues it raises. -Susan Brenner
I hope that the internet will get to become ubiquitous and affordable, and if that's achieved, I think it'll be a big part of people's lives - for the better. -Jerry Yang
PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals. -Jon Ribbens
Information and communications technology unlocks the value of time, allowing and enabling multi-tasking, multi-channels, multi-this and multi-that. -Li Ka Shing
If you give someone a program, you will frustrate them for a day; if you teach them how to program, you will frustrate them for a lifetime. -Unknown
We are Microsoft. Resistance Is Futile. You Will Be Assimilated. -Bumper sticker
One day soon the Gillette company will announce the development of a razor that, thanks to a computer microchip, can actually travel ahead in time and shave beard hairs that don't even exist yet. -Dave Barry
Anyone who spends their life on a computer is pretty unusual. -Bill Gates